the-mousetrap.md
Last modified: Wed Jan 06, 2021  09:32PM


# The Second Mouse Gets the Cheese


She opened the heavy door and peered around it into the black room. There were only two sources of light: one cut in a knife-blade shape at an angle across the floor of cold stone, and the other a can-light from the ceiling which made a perfect circle at the exact center of the room, like the lighting of a small black-box theater stage. That light shown down cold and white on a perfect man.

He sat in a plain dark-stained wooden chair. He was completely naked, and sat as if modeling for a painter. His pose seemed considered and careful, as though he had placed himself with intention to best show the lines and shadows that laid out like a map drawn on his skin the balanced proportions of the honed muscles, sinew, and bone traveling beneath the surface. His hands rested upon his knees, and his legs were casually parted. Between them, his cock stood high and hard. It was unblemished in any way, as smooth as a fine suede, and it had the gentle curve of a railroad track. It was also long enough to remind her of a railroad track, traveling off to a distant vanishing point. It was held firm at the base by the weighted pendulums of his testes. He looked to be frozen and composed of stone, until a smile of marble-white teeth beneath his aquiline nose cracked and he gestured her towards him.

She closed the door behind her and the slash of light from it thinned and disappeared into the blackness of the corners. As she had been instructed, she wore nothing but a perfectly clean, perfectly white, simple cotton night-dress.  It came down to just below the curve of her ass. Despite its simplicity, her nipples projected through it in the cold air of the room, and the cotton was flimsy enough to catch the way her body curved one way and then back again. As she moved slowly towards him, she felt bumps rise on the back of her legs. 

He smiled again, and held out an open hand towards the floor in front of him. It was a universal gesture, and she crossed her ankles as she slipped to her knees. His legs parted and her hand came up and cupped his balls. They were warm and soft and rolled with slippery ease in her fingers. Her lips opened and slipped over the head of his warm and perfect cock as she let a long hot breath from her nostrils that flowed upwards over the stony skin of his belly. She began to move her wet lips slowly down the shaft with her eyes closed.

It was when she had taken in almost as much of him as she could, just before beginning her upstroke, that she slowly opened her eyes. They had adjusted to the dim light, and from her new vantage on her knees she could now see that the simple wooden chair rested on some kind of metal mechanism. She lifted her head slightly, his cock still between her lips and saw that the mechanism was a metal platform, balancing delicately on a fulcrum and raising the chair off the floor by a few inches. The chair was set on the very center of this platform and a half-inch thick bar of steel seemed to be holding the platform to its set position on the point of the fulcrum.

Curious, she lifted her head from his cock and saw that the bar of steel ran back into the darkness, where it passed over a coil of huge metal springs crossing the floor, and then over another heavy steel bar. The coil of springs were wound very tight, pressing the bar at the back up hard against the bar that held the fulcrum of the chair platform. The whole thing was apparently rigged so that just the slightest movement of the chair would release the restraining bar, which in turn would allow the spring-loaded bar to snap over the man's head and down upon her.

She was excellent at spatial relations. Her mind did some quick calculations of the physics of the mechanism and she realized that it had been carefully designed to pass over the man safely, and come down at his feet. In her current position it would lay a line of death down straight across her spine.

The perfect man in the chair was growing impatient with her slow process of realization. He gestured again to his throbbing wet cock in front of her with his hard open hand, without the smile this time. She slowly eased her head down and wrapped her lips around his cock again. It seemed this time that his cock was cold and hard, like the metal bars that were held back so precariously around her. She knew he had complete power of life and death over her --- all he needed to do was make the slightest movement downwards and her small light would wink out. She knew she needed to make him cum, that was the only way he would let her walk away. 

In her mind all she could see was her own end. The heavy bar whipping through the air and coming down on her back, splitting her like a dropped ripe fruit. Her mind dwelt on the feeling --- at least it would be quick... and painless she hoped. Though it was possible the bar would not snap her spine entirely and she would writhe in agony, her two halves held together only by a thread of screaming pain. And she would watch her bleached white night-shirt pooling and absorbing her crimson blood while pinned beneath the bar and her life ebbing away.

She tried desperately to focus on his cock, to make him love the feeling of her sliding mouth on on it, to will his cum from it. She tried to push aside the images of her own end running through her head, and replace them with the feeling of his burning cum filling her mouth, and sliding over her gently moving tongue and down her throat. At the same time she held back so much. Normally it was easy for her to get a man off. She took pride in it. She usually applied a lot of movement. She made a show of it. But here, she moved ever so gently, terrified of setting off the trap, trying to make him cum with the minimum movement possible.

And it was at that moment that she realized how turned on she was. Her pussy was wet enough she could feel it between her legs. She fought with herself about whether she dared to touch herself in this situation. What if that was the least movement that was needed to set off the trap? Her mind wrestled back and forth, between pleasure and death. She understood the longing of the mouse for the food, and at the same time she was jealous that the mouse could risk his life for the pleasure of the food without realizing he was doing so.

But pleasure won over death. She couldn't hold back her own pleasure. She slid one hand between her legs and touched herself, and almost immediately started to orgasm. Out of all-consuming fear, she tried desperately to keep her convulsions under control. At the same time it seemed these extra movements were exactly what he needed, and his cum flooded her mouth.

And as he came, he leaned slowly back. The center of the chair's gravity teetered precariously across the point that supported the little platform.


